All right. This section is an important one, and that's
why it's a little larger than the other ones.
It's going to focus on the best parts of local
development setup.  Whether you're a DevOps tester,
or you're just a pure operator that is focusing
on testing other people's apps, or maybe you're focusing on
Jenkins and CI/CD deployments, or maybe you're a developer.
All of those need great local environments
for designing and developing container solutions.
You're going to need to have that skill set, including
Docker Compose, which is one of the best ways to do it.
This whole section is all about Compose and
pulling out all the sweet parts of Compose that will work
with Node to make it almost as good as running
native on your native localhost machine.
It is a little bit tricky sometimes to get Node the way you
want it, and I'm solving a lot of those problems for you in
these lectures. So stick with it.
Get through the assignments, which are important for
keeping that learning in your brain and retaining the
knowledge. You'll be thanking me later when you get through
this section on all the new Compose stuff that you have
in your arsenal.